>> Mike North: The next thing we're gonna
talk about following the pattern of kinda
going back into JavaScript looking at how
the language specification has evolved.
And then, connecting back to Type Script
we're gonna look at object literals.
So as hopefully you know Cuz that
would create an object literal.
We can have properties on
an object literal like this.
Functions are first-class
values in JavaScript,
so a function is a value,
just like a string or a number is a value.
We can use them pretty
much interchangeably.
There are limitations around what
we can use as property keys but
other than that, it's pretty
much Do whatever you need to do.
So this is the way things were for
a while.
The 2015 version of the language spec had
a category of features that fit into
this idea of an enhanced object literal.
I wanna walk you through
what's going on here.
So first off,
you've got the ability to specify
the prototype in an object literal, right.
So normally, you'd have to do
this in a couple of steps.
You'd have to use the new operator and
then assign a bunch of properties,
depending on what that object allows
that might take a couple of steps to do.
Here you can use double underscore
specify the prototype just in
the middle of an object literal.
Here we've got what's called
the dynamic property name.
So using square brackets,
you can see that company is something that
maybe we know about only at run time.
Maybe it's not that like
it's linked in up there but
What if we used prompt and
asked the user for that value?
So like at build time,
we don't necessarily know what that is.
That's why it's dynamic.
So in square brackets, we can use that
to have a dynamic property name here.
That was a bit difficult
to do in other ways.
So that was difficult to do in one pass
like this before we had this feature.
>> Mike North: All right, we have
a shorthand for one of the variable,
where value is stored and the property key
where we want to store it are the same.
We have a shorthand where we do not
have to do company, colon, company.
We, as you see on the left can just
do company, and then continue on.
So we don't have to the key in
the value being identical their.
And then,
finally there's this idea of methods,
this is just a short hand for
just as we were doing with classes,
you don't have to say two
string colon function.
You can just say, toString, and then ().
Finally, we already talked about this, but
we have super calls, not just in classes,
but in object liberals as well
that goes up the prototype chain
just as it does under the hood in classes.